I have severe asthma and here are three
tips that help me when I forgot my
inhaler number one hold your breath look
I I know that sounds like an insensitive
joke but it's not I promise when you
hold your breath it forces your heart
rate to slow down and when your heart
rate slows down there's less blood your
body is forced to oxygenate so the lower
the heart rate the better step two calm
down it calms your heart rate yada yada
blah blah blah step three try breath
packing this is a technique that divers
use to pack more air in their lungs so
what you're going to do is take a deep
breath and then you're going to start
taking sips of breath and you're going
to keep packing it down packing it down
packing it down packing it down make
sure you're seated while you do this
otherwise you might pass out and sort of
press down into that hold your breath
and then you do it again this will also
help expand your lungs a little bit at
least it does in my experience and guys
this is not medical advice I'm just some
dummy on the internet who has asthma and
this has helped stay flexy